hi everybody thanks for coming out
through early this morning and we've got
quite a treat for you um we're going to
kick it off first by introducing my mate
Anthony Rogers from tomato who's going
to kick off the session how many have
heard of underworld the band all right
they're pretty much responsible for
everything they do you well when you see
that some of the stuff that he's gonna
be showing you're going to know who won
a world is so he's going to first kick
it off some interactive stuff to give
you an idea what's possible quick time
he's going to show an underworld video
then everyone's in for a real treat
because i'm here to show some future
technology that i'm working on at adobe
on and well i won't give it away i'll
leave it at that so Anthony would you
come on up we're in give us anthony
initial round of applause all the way
from the UK thanks a lot listen relevant
i'm anthony from tomorrow and we do a
lot of design and interactive and video
and film and generally lots of things
demo too we're going to go straight in
and i want to give you up the coverage
that's one to love the other one
demo to try one that's a slide projector
okay okay well we do stuff for a lots of
museums we do installations even
building's interior design this is
material we did of a restaurant with all
the whole design layout everything has
valuable the saws people are going to go
there there's a big story in London
called Selfridges which is we designed
it 22 windows which is like the actual
stuff in the windows we instead of just
doing pictures and graphics we these big
fellas here these are inflatable
underneath this floor there is a load
set of fans and it pushes the
inflatables up if you can just see here
the people walking past actually
generate activate the fans let's pushes
the floor ups as you walk past it the
individual little people will fly up on
the screen you see a top the hair these
are all ultrasound so it bounces off the
tops of people's heads and then triggers
it sort of just doing just that simple
front cover this is the same same with
shutters he's all over and as you will
pass we built all this stuff and leave
the special lights we have a commission
which the fluorescent lights very hot so
if you put your hand in front of it
you'll burn yourself be specially
covered but these lights aren't you can
actually pick them up we can lay them
out there ultra bright so have these all
the way across the shop run small light
panels we also made a thing called the
connected identity for sony this is
their full identity and branding is all
coded on the mac it's also a server that
comes with it what it does is the
individual clients connects to the
server and then the server then
distributes to the client census data
from and loads of sensors which
scattered all over the world but since
there is relayed to the client and then
it changes the visual look of the
identity well this actually gives us
only as the ability to say that they are
listening back to the world and if you
change the identity it would one of the
sensors you change their logo so you're
given back the user it looks like I did
the keel to prove that it was actually
working we did a clear this one's in
Tokyo in the Sony tower we designed the
whole box layout all the screens or the
buttons all the electronics which is a
theremin which is one of those things we
put your hand in front and goes Wow get
closer to it screens we had in the box
and this visual changes to that and it
changes everywhere else in the world
online virtual mobile phones with its
post-production all this does is when
you press the button it renders out a
post production quality piece of pgas
the film and then it makes a quick
brenda's a quick timeout once or
anything you can send it yourself and
they also renders a big and leave the
out for a spot in line Nick dynamic is
with all this stuff all over the place
it also sends the copies of this video
to this computer here and this is
denotes soccer and you can view all the
videos from Tokyo only secondary effects
on so cheer but once you've interact
with the one in Tokyo to one of those
hackers changes to your interaction we
have a little camera here and it looks
at the coloring changes the official
with the color then can send an email of
it to yourself and to friends and stuff
crazy stuff so it is moving it was all
done in opengl when on the mac so it was
a little bit in java as well so he's
jailed for java named jail it's very
simple because they were the mac version
in a windows version it was just simple
as clicker for us this is the sound
reactive curtain a bit more crazy thing
yeah these are loads of plastic little
balls with silicone to going down the
side of the screen and we project onto
the silicone script with a projector and
then from there if we tell you walk
through the curtain from the projection
we've got an infrared camera and it
looks at people and all the city squares
will jump out the way as you get close
to it so you walk through it and you get
these really crazy
effects and we like did these things if
you want for this one all the squares
flew out from the side and fastened and
these are little animations and they
will jump up and down because this guy
standing in front of them this is a
reactive floor for the shake guitar with
one our videos a big design company a
really good designer in London worldwide
now these are special little bit weird
this one it's actually these cylinders
move up and down and what you can do on
your phone or on your computer you can
draw on the interface and it will move
these panels in real time on via the
lifts you off the floor and this guy's
just really cool he was wanted their
silly when Pierre definitely got to do
this is it was a picture we sort of did
a mock-up of and this is his palace
which is having designed by ron howard
and this is the floor you walk down the
corridor here go into the room and all
this can move so you can draw on there
like furniture and it was called up the
hams up in Kentucky you can sit down and
or you could have a laugh and I draw
nothing when someone is sitting down at
all fall over we're doing all of it nice
but it's a 3d modeling them there
strange even with new random floor
thicknesses my it doesn't have to be
this way and this this fast the floor
actually moves really quickly so we can
do nice wave and all this builded floors
and designed order this is a line cube
idea for Japan we dip dip in la farine
it was just nice big tub of water and
when you put some sort of like white
paint in it and it will make the water a
bit more grey and we'll projects under
it and you get these nice little eye
defects coming off there through the
water sort of thing and if you shouted
at it and stuff it will wobble and all
that stuff we do another one it sort of
work which is quite nice to mess around
with scores you all just a story and
this was actually put your hand over
with a camera in it and apache projected
a difference and drew the difference in
today the warden we also did a menu for
high strength all discussed or
difference with a menu for i three which
is called bus about thai restaurant said
it with a family acted scenes I'm
estranged shout it in with all bounce
around the shots of it composition
station this is a set of music software
that we built and what it does is you
can click these start these squares here
and then you can mix and these all
different instruments so when you're
standing around at you're playing
different things and you all perfectly
go back in time nice but as a design of
them well this
a bit of us this is a strange one which
we did for absolute and it's outdoors
and it's a very large scale as you see
what I mean there's these here a
building building these all buildings
and this is lights on a scaffold but we
built unless you fly over it on a plane
you see the Absolut Vodka logo which is
quite a lot of fun to do you don't get
off with things to do like that every
day but one of those this is a modern
art eat hors of insulation is a big
black boards in this here's a box of
chalk with closer to my box which all
pretty little tool can you go up to it
and pick it up and you can draw on them
then over the day these things start to
look quite interesting from the public
this is in begins we have glass screens
with lots of stories and stuff on a nice
to walk around on our website front page
or was until I changed it and of course
you have to do mobile phone applications
because it's always a bit of fun that we
had so did this I aptly in japan v the
clocks this is wobbly clocks we just did
some bad things just to try out the job
on us a little it isn't just ticks this
ones are quite funky one I like this a
lot this is like a tub of water and as a
ball falls down it balls going to be
second and as a thing fills up it's an
hour and then it starts all over again
like a cycle sort of just a simple
normal clock okay that's just the
general stuff we do it tomorrow everyday
things but we also do video that we
wrong not to show you some video right
this is mo one and I've demo one please
thank you I can go away demo one
I like to have someone machine one
please that was yeah let's do it that
itself Mason like I'm sure a short film
now to put some shocking feed in the
morning
[Music]
[Applause]
we've made it a lot as a personal
project of my proportion let's go out
and shoot sister
right
[Music]
command turn animals for the erotic
pleasures of women
[Music]
one
ok
she born
butter
[Music]
Oh
bo
go
Oh
[Music]
[Applause]
that was the Michaels little pet project
if you like that I'll hand you back to
the ax men from give them out from a
David thanks very much thanks a lot
Anthony so a little bit difficult
following tomato but what I have in
store for is everyone in the room this
morning it's gonna be pretty interesting
how many in the room as we sort of speak
about quicktime interactivity anthony's
showing you serve from the really
innovative things that you can do if you
combine Apple technologies with
quicktime how many of the room actually
or are aware of adobe goal is aware of
the w live okay raise your hand
everybody great how many in the room is
using a double you go let's quicktime
interactive authoring capabilities for
the projects today okay great so now
they're not very many people so i will
show you a brief introduction on what
adobe golive six is on and what it's
quicktime authoring capabilities are in
the current instantiation then we'll
dive into a little bit of a future
technology sneak peeks that we're
working on in conjunction with our other
partners so if i could have actually not
yet just talk a little bit about this so
let me get some brief history on adobe
golive adobe golive with an acquired
technology back in nineteen ninety nine
actually december of 98 it is one of the
premier design development management
solutions not only for web content or
inactions quicktime but also mobile so
whether you're working with w3c or 3gpp
specifications and you're dealing with
mobile CSS or XHTML go alive is the
solution that helps make you more
productive and more creative adobe
golive has been a longtime supporter of
the apple quicktime specification are
one of our engineers actually our only
engineer who is a madman he does a lot
of this stuff just by himself works very
closely with the quicktime team his name
is csonka and he was not able to come
out with me today he wanted to be here
but he's with me in spirit on and he's
based in hamburg germany again the first
implementation of quicktime was
implemented in go live for dough which
was the first adobe release
a go live and then since then this one
individual recently with the help of one
more individual has really been cranking
away some really incredible stuff so
what I'm going to show you right now is
an introduction to go live six explain
its site and project management
capabilities talk about the interface
talk about some quick time web authoring
and then I'm going to talk a little bit
about using go live in conjunction with
QuickTime how you can export your
content out for a mobile device so let's
dive into this if I can have my laptop
please alrighty i'm working with tight
spaces here but um before I get going
let's go ahead and launch in so this is
the interface for go live it's really
kind of constrained right now
considering the resolution I'm having to
project out but you first start off with
the project and we always encourage this
rather than working on a one-off
individual file which you can do but we
encourage you to work with our site
management capabilities and with that it
brings the capability of doing hrf
parson we will parse everything that's
in your site to make sure none of your
links are broken your legs can be
embedded inside of a QuickTime file it
can be embedded inside of a macromedia
flash file it can be incited embedded
inside of JavaScript or PHP code doesn't
matter will parse that code and we will
actually let you know when things are
updated so if I for as an example let me
go ahead and open up this file here and
within our various inspectors that we
have you could see what content is
actually a link so it's saying that this
QuickTime movie is linked to the WWDC
demo dot HTML file so if i take this
movie file and i drag it into a
different folder it's going to warn me
do you want to update all the links
interactively without just changing that
or if you move the file then you have to
manually go back into the actual file
and on change the linkage change the
source put by hand and that's not
necessarily an optimal workflow
especially given today's economy post
calm bust you know all of us are having
to do a lot more with a lot less money
and a lot less resources available to us
so I'm going to cancel out of that so to
show you a little bit about go live 6
which is
only shipping let me first start off
with the interface so when you're
working with a project this is your site
window we maintain all your external
links your diagrams which is actually
you can map out how your projects going
to flow together I'm similar to what
you'd be using like Omni graph a or
Microsoft Visio and it's our information
architecture diagramming tool so you
could use this to build out the
interactivity with a user or the
technology that we use within your
project colors we maintain all the
colors that are in your site fonts and
then any shared library components but
what I'm going to show you next is
within your site you can actually
preview your assets without even having
to open them and again being that we're
adobe we support all the native adobe
file formats so if it's a PSD file if
it's an AI illustrator file doesn't
matter you could preview this content
without having to open it so what am I
introduced you now not the other spot
the inspector palette this is an
inspector that's contextual everything
you work with would then go live you
will use the inspector palette to sort
of get a snapshot of what type of
content you're working with name of the
content the page and get a thumbnail of
the content without having to open it so
there's a thumbnail my HTML page without
having to open my file so you can
imagine if you have a site with tens of
thousands of assets inside of it it's
not optimal to go hunting and pecking
trying to find particular assets you're
looking for use the inspector use the
inspectors content tab to easily and
quickly navigate to the content you're
actually looking for on if you're
working with a quick time as an example
natively built into the inspector you
can actually preview quick time / SVG
it's very powerful and very flexible
native PSD file here's the Naas PSD file
which i'll be talking about a little bit
later this is the control bar that is a
layered Photoshop file and we'll be
showing how you can simply bring that in
and immediately wire it up using
QuickTime interactivity to present on
your content out to the web so with that
said let me go ahead and close that and
open up the object palette and explain a
little bit about how this actually works
when you're working with go live and
you're working with a file whether it be
quick time or HTML the object palette is
where all your elements are on that you
would drag and drop into your layout
window or into your timelines
authoring continent you want to work
with quicktime you've got your quicktime
object you want to work with HTML you've
got your hm elements but we're going to
be talking about quicktime we'll talk
about what objects we support within the
quicktime authoring environment let's
start off just by going over one by one
so we have a movie track sprite movie
track there's a video track a color
track pitcher track generic filter track
which is really cool if you wanna do
flames and you know different sort of
kinematic effects one source filter
track transitions three source filter
track MPEG tracked little penguin there
for the sprite track a little lightning
bolts for the macromedia flash Swift
track AA href track chapter track text
track soundtrack midi track instrumental
track streaming track and then a folder
track for sort of collecting and
managing your content within the
timeline itself when you use these
elements in conjunction with quicktime
in conjunction with the go live HTML and
XHTML authoring capabilities you can use
quicktime now to control the elements of
the page that the users are experiencing
so as an example if you had a frame and
you know quicktime embedded in one
aspect of it and you want to have
subtitling or product information up
here in the second frame as the timeline
plays within the QuickTime movie you can
control the elements of the frame
control the elements of external or
linked parents and childhood windows
it's relatively straightforward and very
simple one quick note go live six as
you're seeing it today is available at
dobie calm trial versions have at it's a
lot of fun so let's go ahead and open up
this file here this is a file that song
come my engineer put together really
quickly and because the screen is so
tiny I shrink the window down as I can
hear oh it's gonna be difficult
and now I can't even grab it let's try
that again I did not open this file
before I change resolutions okay so let
me go ahead and click on the QuickTime
bit so let me explain what you're seeing
and what you're not seeing it's an HTML
file the background imagery and and the
sort of slicing within the table that
the QuickTime movie is embedded in is a
PSD file of concept and photoshop it was
in sliced in image ready and then
brought in to go live to safely just
dragging and dropping that file we
immediately build out the aspects of the
site we can read in again parse native
adobe file formats and do the
translation so what this file consists
of is a one single frame QuickTime movie
and then a sprite track that controls
interactivity of the movie so let's go
ahead and let me close the file and
let's preview it inside a safari
hopefully so far as when it won't be
gigantic Oh better
so here's the file we're going to go in
and play the movie and then we're going
to dissect it so what you're seeing here
you've got a external audio track a
single quicktime container track and
there's a bunch of jpeg still that he
had taken this is outside the offices of
go live R&G facility in hamburg germany
very beautiful town love the city and
he's brought in and imported all the
external JPEGs that he hadn't
immediately compiled this quicktime
movie with transition effects turns out
this my engineer hong kong he's also
composer i did not know that this music
he wrote himself classical piano who did
not know that he's a man of many trades
again it's hard to follow tomato I've
got some cool stuff coming up though so
there you go fairly straightforward very
simple let's go ahead and open up that
movie and inspect its properties so okay
here we go I'm going to take this window
and for this space constraints I'm going
to just shrink it down a little bit and
then open up my timeline and this is
kind of gigantic to shrink that down
alright a bit more manageable and then
I'm going to shrink down the viewable
aspect here let's see here ok and then
let's expect that let's go ahead and
inspect this movie so you can see here
the picture check was brought in and
then a filter with set up so that you
have transitional wipes within the
inspector how that was done you have
images import the images automatically
loads them into the track and then you
have the option of setting the
parameters of the slideshow the duration
of the fading is fade out this is very
straightforward basic quicktime
interactivity that you're seeing here
it's all visual very easy to do talk a
little bit about the control palette
that made up the movie
and by doing that let me come in jump
into Photoshop really quickly and let me
show you what we did here so here you
have the PSD file you blow it up a
little bit each and let me go ahead and
turn the pallets on and you can see that
each one of these components you have an
on and off state for each button each
button has been named with a unit
identifier last underscore high last
underscore low play underscore high play
underscore low and by setting up the
file in this manner you then simply have
to save the file down again native PSD
file don't need a slice of damages each
on and off overstate bring it into an
application manually everything out does
it automatically inside a go live so
we're going to go ahead and open up the
slideshow nav movie and then I'm going
to inspect this for you guys as well and
you can see that we support alpha
channels and different types of spawn
transparency overlays so when you shrink
this file down and then bring open the
timeline again because it's a different
timeline I need to research this one as
well okay so we're going to inspect the
sprite sprite track here and by doing so
and to come into layout and this is
where you actually go ahead and you lay
out your various elements so the PSD
file has been imported and you can see
here that when we go into the sprites
you set up your characteristics here you
want to do auto resizing importing the
background layer which is the actual PSD
file and then you have main over and
click this sets up the states for the
interactivity now with that done you can
notice if we preview the file the on and
over States are active this is just one
of the many enhanced productivity
functionality features within go live
that help you be more productive within
your quicktime interactive design
efforts and then we play the movie plays
again so
kind of enough about go live six I mean
that's pretty straightforward site
management maintain all your link
references we parse everything for you
to make sure nothing breaks and we
update everything automatically if you
choose to do so on full quicktime six
related authoring capabilities let me go
ahead and open up a file i have and then
i'll talk a little bit about exporting
for mobile device out of go live six
we're going to take a move source file
that i have created here those for a
concert in tokyo for an artist named
susumu but actually my daughter was
filmed in so let's see here did I save
it it's on
so we're going to go ahead and open up
this file here and go leg will crash
that is a feature thank you very much
let's go ahead and try that one last
time and while that's doing that
da da da right when this happens move on
i'll be showing that file again in just
a second with the sort of technology
future technology preview which will
work so let me go in and close out
actually i'll leave Photoshop open
because we do want to come back to this
I won't save this file here though all
right so with the release of QuickTime
63 there's a lot of additional enhanced
functionality mpeg-4 support 3gp support
quicktime scripting which a lot of
people are having difficulty with
especial if you want to set something up
where it's a sophisticated movie that
support media skins it has an XML data
basic and read in movies and change the
movies that are playing dynamically and
get database records without having to
visually create that you can actually
script that out now let me give you an
example of that by playing this file i
have here so what you're seeing here is
an element that was created inside of
this future technology would sneak peek
it consists of media skin that you're
seeing here knocked out with the alpha
channel that's fully transparent support
shadows you can see the shadows
underneath like this area here
background image there's a little
animated sprite track here there's a
text track a sprite track that's
controlling the xml a database that i'll
be showing you and then down below here
though actually will be dynamic records
on that will be taken out of the
database that will show you how many
movies you have in your database what
movie are on etc and that information
will be then displayed in this area here
giving a little explanation of what the
actual movie is so let's go ahead and
check it out
description out of the xml records being
dynamically generated let's go to the
next track
[Music]
and then extract
so how was this movie put together let's
find out so I'm gonna go ahead and click
on this other wired right here it's that
will shut my movie down jumping into
future technology all right again
similar to the way you're used to
working with go live six flight window
manages your project we have the object
palette up here and the inspector
palette down here for your content that
you'll be inspecting so same objects
actually there are a couple additional
ones that have been added here so let's
go ahead and start looking at this
content so let's open up the source file
and I'm going to scale that out and grab
my timeline just so we could see
everything that's going on again by
selecting these elements here so
animates bright text tracks we jump into
here you'll notice in the timeline
though let's see here record info which
is being taken out of the database the
timeline is very familiar it is based on
after effects and the live motion
timeline here so we're going to go ahead
and inspect this notice that there's no
xml list that's attached to it so it's
dynamic and how is that dynamic content
being generated well inside of this new
technology that we've been working on
you now have the ability to actually let
me go back in reopen that file quicktime
scriptmanager work with QuickTime
scripting inside of our environments and
let me go ahead and up a bit more
complicated saw so you can see here that
there's some contest going on you've got
functions on variable functions and this
is content that you can either write by
hand or you could use the application to
develop out this content visually and
how you would go about doing that as an
example
you did not want to do that undo we have
an xml database that allows you to set
this information up so we're going to go
in here we're going to say just to show
you really quickly make lists movie and
then an interface will come up and this
will allow you to it taken the
information again similar to its on go
live six you have a file that's set up
with different states we're on in over
States and it sucks that native PSD
information into the application splits
it out and then here you can actually
assign what what do I want this to
actually do very straightforward let me
go ahead and click back into here and
then again this is also being taken out
of an XML record let me go ahead and
open up that XML record so you can see
how that's set up so you can see here
that you know it's calling out to where
the source i aam movie file is located
so inside the movies folder atomic dog
mpeg-4 movies slideshow mpeg-4 movies
destination and peg for on the
information in the xml database is here
one thing to note about dealing with
this xml databases that not only can you
deal with a flat database such as this
that's local or could be you on a server
someplace you can also link this up to
any odbc or jdbc compliant database so
we can select data out of a content
management system as well keynote on
something I want to talk a little about
as you're coding to help you develop
content like that within this future
technology we've enabled some designer
and developer friendly functionality
into this this new technology let me go
off and start by showing some of that
let's see here let's talk a little bit
about debugging when you're dealing with
QuickTime scripting so what I'm going to
go ahead and do now is I'm going to let
see her
going to go ahead and open up the script
file so this is a very simple file it
contains arm basically a background and
this little dobby logo I'm going to go
ahead and just show you the timeline
really quickly so you can see what I'm
talking about so there's a variable
track here and inside the variables
track it has a sprite element which is
the actual image and it's bright track
as well so what we've done with this is
I've added some code to this I'm going
to go ahead and open that code up and
show you what's going on I've added some
function so you can test out your
interactivity as you're coding it or
you're designing it so we have a
function on mouse click debug string
I've clicked the adobe logo on you know
on Mouse enter you know I have entered
the adobe logo and then I have exited
exited the UW logo you'll notice here
though as your coding your content code
completion all based on the QuickTime
syntax DTD so the nice thing about that
is if Apple decides to update the
interactivity specification for
quicktime without having to wait for
adobe to release an update you can
simply take those parameters throw that
into the DTD update the DTD visually
within our application and voila you've
got your your code completion going
immediately that supports the latest
standards so i'm gonna go ahead and
close this file down actually what i'll
do is all kind of shrink it and move it
over here and then i'm going to open up
the debugger window that's a QuickTime
shrink measure
don't save I let me just recompile all
my scripts and all right this isn't
doing oh it's at the bottom of this
sorry about that there we go so okay so
we have the debugger window open now and
to preview your content this test that
your scripting is working we're just
going to do some simple tests though
over out over down so this is pretty
handy on especially when you're dealing
with development tools and you're doing
some really sophisticated cook time
scripting this is pretty handy so you
know what's actually going on with your
code that you're writing so let me go
ahead and close that down and I'm going
to show you some other new capabilities
so let's talk about animating your
various sprites here's a very simple
animation let's preview it gets see
they'll be logo bouncing from the
foreground into the background and then
bouncing around in different areas of
the screen again using the after effects
timeline let's go ahead of my time line
here and I'm going to go ahead and
select a spike right track and scroll
down I can actually see where it's
actually animating can change the path
of this interactivity interactively so
if I come down here and let's say that
on this keyframe here I want this scale
to actually be bigger and then I want
the spin to be spot with still a little
bit faster and then come over to the
next keyframe which I didn't actually I
did select a keyframe select the
keyframe here change them thus
attributes and now if we come back and
we preview it we're going to get a
different effect with a little bit out
of control hopefully you get the point
I mean you don't have to be a programmer
to really write the sophisticated code
you don't have to be a designer
necessarily a lot of this information up
it's very visual just like the rest of
Adobe applications so you shouldn't have
any difficulty at all getting up to
speed and actually developing out some
of this really cool content so I'm going
to close this down and let's dive into
another example that I have so media
skin so here's a movie that's been
created and you notice there's some
animation going on some type and we're
going to fly a media skin to this let's
preview the media skins movie so it's
got the adobe logo here now what I'm
going to do is we're going to open that
up and QuickTime and take a look and see
how that looks
what you've done is let's go ahead and
open up the adobe PSD file and we'll
show you the alpha channels that are in
that and it's simply a setting up the
alpha channels inside a Photoshop I
don't have a fun to install that's fine
and then bringing it in into the
application and go live will actually
knock out that background for you and
you'll get that effect there are any
handles on this movie so I really can't
move it around but that is a media skin
element inside of goal I future
technology so the last movie I want to
show you guys is some content that
another individual in the room here at
Georgia looms has put together also
using QuickTime scripting let's go ahead
and preview this so question to the
crowd can go live preview afforded 40
megabyte QuickTime movie why would you
want to you know put a 40 megabyte click
time moving on to the web yes or no
anybody yes wrong so this is just some
really simple game like interactivity
yes
now the interesting thing about this
movie is that again you have a larger
QuickTime move container inside of the
timeline let me go ahead and shrink this
down to explain what's going on come
back into layout bring up my timeline on
so you've got a sort of like uber
container inside the uber container
we've got different attributes to play
the choice these are actually think of
them as markers within national movie
itself that allow you to go through the
different phases of interactivity down
below here in each one of these
subspaces or containers so uber
container inside of that you've got a
movie that's playing it in the very top
portion of this and at any time a the
first up of the designers updated the
movie file itself and you need to update
the file instead of having to go back
into this interface here all you would
need to do is export the movie and put
it into the folder that it's linked to
and then it automatically would be
sucked into the file it sucked into the
uber movie and then played back what's
going to show some more of the
functionality here so come down except
the interactive menu can jump between
the story line between some of the
actors come back to this area so this is
a movie and then send jump into another
movie shortly thereafter that and you'll
see a jump within the timeline
[Music]
boom it's back to the game portion um so
that does it for the the interactivity
portion of the future technology demo I
wanted to do for this afternoon what I
want to show you next is working with
the mobile content on you may or may not
be aware of that you know 3g is here and
they're already working in 4G which is
kind of quite scary considering
America's so far behind but I spent a
lot of time in Japan and spent a lot of
time in Europe and Europe is now moving
into a 3g infrastructure that was just
recently rolled out and with that you
now have the ability to play back SVG
quicktime within your handsets so and
one of the big benefits of that is that
you can now add for example if it's a
live news feed from the BBC or something
you can add a tell up track within your
authoring environment that could have
text that scrolling that's pertinent to
the actual video that's being brought
tested on to your handset but you can a
level interactivity that as well you can
have hyperlinks off to XHTML pages that
were created around that content that's
being broadcasted so I'm going to show
you a really quick bid on that right now
using that same file I tried to open
earlier there you go it opened don't
know why didn't know them before let's
go ahead and preview this track really
quickly
the subject you dislike a little bit
here of my daughter it was done for a
music video in Japan so I'm going to add
a text track to this so let me go back
in scroll back to the beginning of this
file here I'll put on my timeline I'm
going to open up my object palette and
then I'm going to now add an element
we're going to go ahead and add text
track so dragon grow up in my text trek
into the movie and I'm going to select
it and then we're going to position it
let's say I'm going to move this down
here scale this out push this down come
down to the actual text track bring up
in the inspector palette Tom and let's
add some Texas is like firewire cable
end of my way
and we're going to select all copy it
paste it in a few times we're going to
apply it now we're going to add some
properties to it so let's let's see here
so we want to scroll in and scroll out
on a horizontal scroll text colors fine
let's see here let's see what it looks
like your reward it is that a couple
more effects to this what's because we
want to see the background that's
actually happening so let's go into
let's see here come back down select
that let's add
[Music]
a blend mode to it so you'll see some
transparency going on in the background
as well now this is exported n pay for
you you'd actually get that blend mode
but we're going to be exporting for the
NTT DoCoMo foma file format and by the
way go live is fully double-byte enable
to whether you're doing Arabic Cyrillic
japanese korean chinese or Hangul you're
pretty much good to go especially
concerning those markets are so much
more involved in the United States
markets so we have this completed we're
going to take this movie we're going to
export it my little gumdrop comes up and
over here let's check our 3gp export
options like four texts rec 3gp you just
make sure that's unicode this ain't good
okay and we're going to click ok and
let's save it down to the desktop
exporting the movie
I have to apologize we actually had some
really cool phone demos we wanted to
show everyone this afternoon but book my
phone battery and Anthony's phone
battery are completely dead because
everyone was just like so enthused about
it and want to play with it so again
apologies for that but this is the next
best thing I actually wanted to show you
this video file on the phone and let's
play it back you're wonderful quicktime
[Music]
now if we wanted to add one last thing
if we wanted to add a really quick
interactive bit to this let's jump back
into this open that file up one more
time bring open the timeline one more
time and let's go back down to the text
bit go into my inspector and let's just
say
I was capable in my way
he's cut off I'm getting this is by the
way this is development so I'm getting
some weird funkiness here ah cable I'm
just going to disconnect this hopefully
not crash oh I did not sacrifice my demo
chicken this morning always a necessity
all right um and then actually you know
what just so we have an apple go down to
the very and make it all my wings
okay apply it take the movie again let's
export it once more that was a fast
exports 2015 area
now if we come back down into the
desktop
play it oh it's broken all right what
has happened is you would have had a
hyperlink there would have been
interactive and it would have opened the
web browser Safari on to apple com but
there you have it so you could see that
with some of this new technology that
we're developing we have some very
robust interactive authoring and
designing capabilities that build upon
what's currently existing in go live six
and we have advanced support for mobile
authoring not just what you see here
with 3gp or mpeg-4 but whether you're
dealing with you know CSS level two
you're dealing with mobile CSS you're
going to see some really interesting
stuff coming out of Adobe
you